hello viewers this is the one the only
that snazzy iPhone guy today we're going
to be looking at a very very fun game
called draw me now you're thinking draw
me I've never heard of that well I
hadn't heard about it either until I was
just browsing through and I found it I
mean it was phenomenal I can't believe I
went without this app this is a great
app it's very cheap 99 cents in the app
store very good deal and it's highly
worth I highly suggest it it's worth a
look um we're going to get started here
it's made by M bounce it's a forum based
company at leave China maybe Japan I
don't know their whole site was in
another language but uh anyway so what
you do is there are four different
categories there's four or five
different categories I'm sorry and
there's five different difficulties
letters being the easiest other shapes
harder shapes the hardest shapes and the
most difficult shapes okay so you start
with this I've gotten pretty far but
we're going to start the basics again
you select your drawing okay it's a
drawing and what you're to do is you
havin a lot of time but I have six pins
I'm going to drop on there drop on there
45 and then I don't really oh okay well
I guess that's where it's going to be so
now I have to redraw the shape by using
the pins that i use to point the shape i
can now draw redraw the letter using my
pins so then I try and see how accurate
i was i was only forty-three percent
accurate so I retry and you keep going
at this until you succeed further that's
bad um okay their view so we try one
more time you have to get above fifty
percent to accede to the next level this
is a bad one wow that was really bad
okay one more time I'm sorry guys meanie
and this is timed but not the second
part so take your time you know to draw
a nice song
there we go that one was eighty-two
percent accuracy so i accede to the next
level now there are several levels
there's the whole alphabet there are
several shapes I mean this is fruit and
ice cream and food and pumpkins I think
this is the food section mushrooms
cherries and I mean they're just I mean
these are true to you have to drop this
one was kind of tricky but there's
different pins for different amounts of
things when you get harder down here
that one was hard this one I haven't I
didn't even think about trying so I'm
gonna create a box line me that goes out
up out and I only have one left so I'm
going to take it reread around why I
didn't help okay so out up out up out
this one went out I think then uh oh um
yeah you see so it gets hard so 67 pics
of accuracy so excited to the next level
that looks like a guitar maybe I can't
tell no yeah anyway so it gets it really
hard there's a few minor glitches like
then you stick it and move your finger
it like Reese plots the pins somewhere
but you just read drag your finger um
it's a pretty decent game guys it's
called draw me the soundtrack is very
snazzy oh yeah you can turn sound on or
off and you can actually do this game
while you're listening to other music so
that's cool and then you can turn the
sounds in the game off so if you're
looking to listen to your own music turn
your own music on push that and then
play your game it's made by M bounce
it's called draw me guys 99 cents in the
app store it's a pretty decent game I
mean I like it you should check it out
and that's it it's called draw me thank
you guys and as always stay snazzy